[Music]
hello Reena please proceed to payment
welcome to your first conscious connect
speed-dating experience your dates await
their perfect matches according to our
algorithms made with your personal
preferences great if you would like to
turn me off just say conscious
disconnect it's not recommended
[Music]
this is dumb Doug would like you not to
mention his name age height weight shoe
size sock size mother father brother
sister and any facial features or scent
Doug is vegan don't mention that no this
isn't mine sorry
mistaked is not male male to female
ratio muffin for tonight's event this
doesn't match your preferences I mean
it's fine with me if it's fine with you
no judgment either way I have friends
who are gay okay wow I love that costume
no this is not a costume outfit outfit
for just my clothes please list your
female preferences it would have been
fine if you didn't even mention it I can
I color eye color eye color eye color
this is he is on his 1490 session hello
hi I'm Rena
I like your nice nice jumper
[Music]
you still haven't updated your
preferences please just conscious
disconnect no mom on genomic Lampa me
chihuaha merci de bello new memoir of I
say no more
[Music]
do you know what I mean is your
transition to digital do you understand
me um please conscious connect yeah
that's fine we can reconnect you again
ready to proceed Rena so I hear you
climbed up Mount Snowdon last week lied
got the throne up why walk so you're a
liar do you have a real card yeah how am
I meant to get to know you if I don't
know any of the information well what's
the point of meeting somebody if you
already know everything about them
mark it's six foot three also you're six
foot three joke oh that's Marty
offensive three liters of water a day
you listen to Greensleeves would you
like me to play Greensleeves no I see
what just no what no what
[Music]
[Laughter]
Vina
they've gone it's me Tristan by the
water I see you I've always seen you
would you like to go for a break at 8:30
[Music]
so it is you my teams you sky
you